Add best practices for audio setup (#48)
abtion/guidelines: best-practices/audio-setup.md

# Audio setup

## Known issues and workarounds

### My colleagues tell me that I sound like a pilot

> - Open the sound settings on your computer and check if your microphone volume is too high. If it's nearly maxed out, try lowering the volume a bit. Maxing out the microphone can causes severe quality degregation.

Reviewer: This is just minor nitpicking but "degregation " should be "degradation". :-)

Author: I knew this was wrong, I just couldn't point out the exact problem :D

> - Open the sound settings on your computer and check if your microphone volume is too high. If it's nearly maxed out, try lowering the volume a bit. Maxing out the microphone can causes severe quality degregation.

Author: ```suggestion
- Open the sound settings on your computer and check if your microphone volume is too high. If it's nearly maxed out, try lowering the volume a bit. Maxing out the microphone volume can severely degrade the quality.
```

### My colleauges tell me that I'm breathing heavily

- Place the microphone "next to" your mouth instead of in front of it
- Move the microphone further away from your mouth while keeping it pointed towards it.

### My ModMic is picking up a LOT of background noise

> - If it has a omni-/uni direction switch, swith it to uni. The correct icon is a circle with a "dent", as opposed to the full circle icon which symbolizes omni-directional mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If it has an omni-/uni direction switch, swith it to uni. The correct icon is a circle with a "dent" (Cardioid), as opposed to the full circle icon which symbolizes omni-directional mode.
```
